c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\Zaspire.dll
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\Zaspire.pdb
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\LinqToExcel.dll
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\Remotion.Data.Linq.dll
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\Remotion.dll
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\Remotion.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\LinqToExcel.xml
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.pdb
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.pdb
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\WebDriver.pdb
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.pdb
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\obj\Debug\Zaspire.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\obj\Debug\Zaspire.dll
c:\users\ialp020\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zaspire\Zaspire\obj\Debug\Zaspire.pdb
